Voice Transcript 1: Executive Committee - Strategic Planning Session

"Executive Committee meeting, November 15th, 2024, 9 AM to 11:30 AM. Present: CEO
Margaret Davidson, CFO Robert Kim, CRO Sarah Mitchell, CTO James Wu, and COO Lisa
Rodriguez. Discussion focused on our 2025 strategic priorities and the competitive
response to FinTech disruption.  Margaret opened by addressing the elephant in the
room - we've lost three major corporate clients to digital-first competitors in Q3.
Total relationship value was about forty-five million in annual revenue. The clients
cited our slow digital transformation and clunky user interfaces. James presented his
technology roadmap acceleration plan - wants to fast-track the API modernization
project and mobile app overhaul. Original timeline was eighteen months, he's
proposing we compress it to ten months with additional resources.  Robert raised
concerns about the budget impact - we're talking about an additional twelve million
investment on top of our existing tech spend. Sarah from risk perspective is worried
about operational risk during the transition. She mentioned the recent outage at
Regional Bank cost them eighty million in regulatory fines and reputation damage.
Lisa suggested a phased rollout starting with our smallest business clients as a
pilot.  The heated discussion was around whether to build internally or acquire a
FinTech partner. James is adamant we have the capability in-house, but Margaret is
leaning toward acquisition. She mentioned preliminary conversations with two
companies - one focused on payments, another on digital lending platforms. The
payments company is asking for sixty million, the lending platform wants ninety
million.  Decision reached: We'll pursue the payments acquisition while accelerating
internal development for lending. Robert will model the financial impact for board
presentation next month. James will lead technical due diligence on the acquisition
target. Sarah will assess integration risks. Action items: Margaret schedules
acquisition team kickoff for Monday, Robert prepares budget variance analysis by
Friday, James delivers preliminary due diligence findings in two weeks."